README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a title="Learn more about Theme Switch" href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fooxly.themeswitch">
    <img src="https://assets.fooxly.com/extensions/themeswitch/banner.jpg" alt="Workspace" width="100%" />
  </a>
</p>

```bash
ext install fooxly.themeswitch
```

[![Version](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/version-short/Fooxly.themeswitch.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fooxly.themeswitch)
[![Installs](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/installs-short/Fooxly.themeswitch.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fooxly.themeswitch)
[![Ratings](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/rating-short/Fooxly.themeswitch.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fooxly.themeswitch)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/Fooxly/themeswitch/blob/master/LICENSE)
![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)

> This extension is based on [Day Night Theme Switcher](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=freetonik.day-night-theme-switcher) by freetonik

# 🚀 Recently Added

* Switch between day and night themes
* Switch to your day theme
* Switch to your night theme
* Option to set the statusbar item priority

## ❤&nbsp; Support us

> About **40%** of your donation goes to one of the charities we support. For further information or questions please visit [our website](https://www.fooxly.com/charity) or contact us via [charity@fooxly.com](mailto:charity@fooxly.com).

<p>
  <a title="BuyMeACoffee" href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/fooxly">
    <img src="https://assets.fooxly.com/third_party/buymeacoffee.png" alt="BuyMeACoffee" width="180" height="43" />
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a title="Patreon" href="https://www.patreon.com/fooxly">
    <img src="https://assets.fooxly.com/third_party/patreon.png" alt="Patreon" width="180" height="43" />
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a title="PayPal" href="https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=3GEYSYZFXV9GE">
    <img src="https://assets.fooxly.com/third_party/paypal.png" alt="PayPal" width="180" height="43" />
  </a>
</p>

<br/>

# 🔍 Theme Switch

`Theme Switch` provides a simple way to switch between your day and night themes with a single click.

A package by [Fooxly](https://www.fooxly.com).
> Based on [Day Night Theme Switcher](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=freetonik.day-night-theme-switcher) by freetonik.

## 📕 Features

* Switch between your day and night theme

## 💻&nbsp; Preview

<img src="https://assets.fooxly.com/extensions/themeswitch/example.gif" alt="Preview" width="400" />

## 📐 Configuration

| property                             | type      | default               | options                | description |
| ---                                  | ---       | ---                   | ---                    | ----        |
| themeswitch.dayTheme                 | string    | -                     | -                      | The day theme |
| themeswitch.dayCustomizations        | object    | {}                    | -                      | The day theme color customizations |
| themeswitch.nightTheme               | string    | -                     | -                      | The night theme |
| themeswitch.nightCustomizations      | object    | {}                    | -                      | The night theme color customizations |
| themeswitch.toggleDefaultDark        | boolean   | true                  | true, false            | If neither day or night theme are the current theme and the toggle is triggered, switch to dark theme |
| themeswitch.priority                 | number    | 0                     | -                      | The priority for the statubar toggle |

## License

[MIT](https://github.com/Fooxly/themeswitch/blob/master/LICENSE) &copy; Fooxly

Commit message:

moved themes to workbench preferences

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a title="Learn more about Theme Switch" href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fooxly.themeswitch">
    <img src="https://assets.fooxly.com/extensions/themeswitch/banner.jpg" alt="Workspace" width="100%" />
  </a>
</p>

```bash
ext install fooxly.themeswitch
```

[![Version](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/version-short/Fooxly.themeswitch.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fooxly.themeswitch)
[![Installs](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/installs-short/Fooxly.themeswitch.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fooxly.themeswitch)
[![Ratings](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/rating-short/Fooxly.themeswitch.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fooxly.themeswitch)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/Fooxly/themeswitch/blob/master/LICENSE)
![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)

> This extension is based on [Day Night Theme Switcher](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=freetonik.day-night-theme-switcher) by freetonik

# 🚀 Recently Added

* Switch between day and night themes
* Switch to your day theme
* Switch to your night theme
* Option to set the statusbar item priority

## ❤&nbsp; Support us

> About **40%** of your donation goes to one of the charities we support. For further information or questions please visit [our website](https://www.fooxly.com/charity) or contact us via [charity@fooxly.com](mailto:charity@fooxly.com).

<p>
  <a title="BuyMeACoffee" href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/fooxly">
    <img src="https://assets.fooxly.com/third_party/buymeacoffee.png" alt="BuyMeACoffee" width="180" height="43" />
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a title="Patreon" href="https://www.patreon.com/fooxly">
    <img src="https://assets.fooxly.com/third_party/patreon.png" alt="Patreon" width="180" height="43" />
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a title="PayPal" href="https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=3GEYSYZFXV9GE">
    <img src="https://assets.fooxly.com/third_party/paypal.png" alt="PayPal" width="180" height="43" />
  </a>
</p>

<br/>

# 🔍 Theme Switch

`Theme Switch` provides a simple way to switch between your day and night themes with a single click.

A package by [Fooxly](https://www.fooxly.com).
> Based on [Day Night Theme Switcher](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=freetonik.day-night-theme-switcher) by freetonik.

## 📕 Features

* Switch between your day and night theme

## 💻&nbsp; Preview

<img src="https://assets.fooxly.com/extensions/themeswitch/example.gif" alt="Preview" width="400" />

## 📐 Configuration

| property                             | type      | default               | options                | description |
| ---                                  | ---       | ---                   | ---                    | ----        |
| workbench.preferredLightColorTheme   | string    | Default Light+        | -                      | The light theme |
| workbench.preferredDarkColorTheme    | string    | Default Dark+         | -                      | The dark theme |
| themeswitch.toggleDefaultDark        | boolean   | true                  | true, false            | If neither light or dark theme are the current theme and the toggle is triggered, switch to dark theme |
| themeswitch.priority                 | number    | 0                     | -                      | The priority for the statubar toggle |

## License

[MIT](https://github.com/Fooxly/themeswitch/blob/master/LICENSE) &copy; Fooxly
